Academia Hub page V2 (#2055)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/academia-hub.md

> [!TIP]
> Ask your university's IT or Procurement Team to <a href="https://huggingface.co/contact/sales?from=academia" target="_blank">get in touch</a> from a university-affiliated email address to initiate the subscription process.

<a href="https://huggingface.co/contact/sales?from=academia" class="flex justify-center">
    <img class="block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/Chunte/documentation-images/resolve/main/AcademiaHub.png" />
</a>

## Accelerate your university's AI research, publication pipeline, and collaboration at scale

> Hugging Face Hub is where leading researchers and developers across academia and industry collaborate on AI throughout the whole research lifecycle. Academia Hub brings that proven ecosystem to your university, giving your researchers everything they need to work securely, reproducibly, and at scale: compute, storage, collaboration, and governance, all managed through your institution.

Reviewer: This is an intentional switch so I think it's okay!

> **University-level seat management, accounts for researchers, professors and students.**

Reviewer: not sure if this needs to be bold?

1. **Store & version** datasets, models, and results with 1TB private storage per seat.
2. **Collaborate & review** with co-authors and lab members in shared workspaces.
3. **Prototype** ideas using interactive Spaces and hosted notebooks.
4. **Train & scale** with managed GPUs and tracked runs.
5. **Publish & share** using model cards, DOIs, and dataset releases.
6. **Preserve** your work for reproducibility and future research. All backed by enterprise-grade infrastructure, institutional governance, and storage that grows with your needs.

## Key features of Academia Hub

***For researchers and students***
- **Storage**: 1 TB private storage per seat (e.g., 400 seats = 400 TB) powered by Xet, purpose-built for versioning large AI models and datasets; expanded public storage; Dataset Viewer for private datasets
- **Hosting & demos**: Spaces Hosting for scalable AI demos and applications powered by ZeroGPU (5× priority quota); Dev Mode with SSH/VS Code access for development
- **Compute**: Priority GPU access (H100/H200) for training; managed runs with experiment tracking
- **Collaboration**: Team workspaces with version control, peer review, and shared governance

> - **Publishing**: Share your work with the global AI research community through citable releases with model cards, dataset cards, and DOIs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Publishing**: Share the research artifacts like models and datasets with the global AI community through citable releases with model cards, dataset cards, and DOIs
```

***For administrators***

> - **Pricing**: $10/seat/month (volume-based pricing); $2/seat/month compute credits included (top-ups available)

Reviewer: We may also want to include an option focused more on storage and less on compute?

- **Admin & security**: University-level seat management for researchers, professors, and students; centralized administration; SSO with university domain

***For your research community***
- **Community & resources**: Connect with peers; curated models/datasets/projects for academia

## How to get started

1. Ask your university's IT or Procurement Team to <a href="https://huggingface.co/contact/sales?from=academia" target="_blank">get in touch</a> to initiate the subscription process to the Academia Hub today.

> Academia Hub cannot be initiated by researchers or students themselves. 

Reviewer: Does it still make sense to capture interest from researchers/students somewhere?
